1-1
The  EvoAdaptive SymbioSub is a state of the art vessel capable of adapting to hostile environments by subsuming local resources for the purpose of self modification. It's also finally done! I couldn't resist taking it for a quick little dive. I'm sure my colleague will understand. Now let's get to catalouging what sorts of materials are available to me down heere.

1-2
By subsuming local minerals and wildlife I've managed to improve the EvoAdaptive SymbioSub's hull while also refilling the fuel reserves with some fish and plant based biofuel. Analysis of upgraded hull integrity signifies a new maximum safe depth. How could I resist going just a little bit deeper? My research partner won't mind as long as I'm back in the morning.

2-1
This new technology is amazing! Before today a solo exploration mission would require so much arduous planning, but now such undertakings can happen on a whim. If I go any deeper my colleague might need some explaining about where I've been, but surely they will understand if I bring back data on some big new discovery. Just a little bit further down and surely there will be something new for me to find.

2-2
With materials gathered down here I've manage to further reinforce my hull to allow futher diving. There is a certain closeness I now feel with the New Human Interface Submarine. At times it's easy to forget where my body ends and the vessel begins. After I return to the surface in a couple of days with an new discovery my partner in science will forgive me for venturing down here alone. I'm sure they're worried sick by now.

3-1
Some of the materials down here are unlike anything I've seen before. These strange fleshy motes are chemically ideal as a source of biofuel. There's also a mineral containing stable isotopes of elements previously only observed very briefly under laboratory conditions. How could I not stay down here and continue to study these materials? This is important work, my partner will understand when I bring back these findings.

3-2
Using the fleshy motes to form an alloy with the new mineral I've just created a material which should theoretically allow my hull to withstand infinite pressure! I must go deeper and discover more. There are secrets below and they call to me. If I do not find something truly amazing to bring back after a week down here how could my colleague forgive me?

4-1
This meat alloy is exceeding any reasonable expectations. The hull holds steady under the immense water pressure. If my readings are correct then the previous calculations indicating this meat alloy's capability to withstand infinite pressure are completely true. With such a great opportunity for futher new discoveries it's completely justified for me to stay down here for a couple more weeks.

4-2
The control panels of the EvoAdaptive SymbioSub are morphing slightly as the meat alloy is further integrated into the systems. With each change it makes to itself I'm finding it both easier and more efficient to operate this vessel. When I return to the surface in a couple of months my research partner will be head over heels for the upgrades the EvoAdaptive SymbioSub has made for itself.

4-3
The meat alloy has fused with my flesh. I am the New Human Interface Submarine. It is unlikely that I'll ever be able to return to the surface. Down here is where I belong now. It is almost perfect here in the dark, if only my love was with me.


4-4
C: Who? Who invades my domain? Who comes to take what is mine? 

U: 
OMG A MONSTER, RUN AWAY! -> gets eaten 


What are you? -> neutral point
 - C: Something you have never encountered before. Perfectly adapted to this ecosystem.

    U:
     - Inconcievable! Unnatural! A abomination flouting the natural order! -> gets eatten 

     - How did you adapt?
        - C: Through ingenuity and the integration of cutting edge technology


     - Through a EvoAdaptive SymbioSub?  
        C: - How did you know?  -> continue to "its me your partner" 



It is me! your partner! -> + affection
 - C: you came for me! go away, im hideous
    - U: Leaves ( only available if sub level 3 or less ) -> neutral end 
    - U: I can't, I've fused with my sub ( only available if sub level 4 ): 
        - C: the same fate which I resigned myself to a year ago. It was our mistake, dabling in technologies beyond our capabilities. Fueled by hubris, fixated on our dreams. And now we shall be here forever 
                - U: With you? I couldn't possibly, you betrayed me and everything we stood for. Hubris? Only your own! -> gets eaten 

                - U:  I labored alone for a year to create my own EvoAdaptive SymbioSub in order to find out what happened to you, to find you, I resign myself to nothing, only embrace the destiny which we share. -> good ending 

    - U: I labored alone for a year to create my own EvoAdaptive SymbioSub in order to find out what happened to you, how could I just leave now? -> good ending





C bad ending:
*RAWWWWRRRRR* *CHOMP* 
oh no, if only you had paid more attention to the notes your partner left. 

C neutral ending:
My hubris and impusliveness has led me away from my beloved. we are fated to take separate paths, I shall swim in the depths as they walk in the light. Hopefully they will take the lessons and information from this experience and make the appropriate modifications to our shared project. 


C good end: 
Oh my dear, I had hoped you'd come for me.
The depths have changed me.
I am no longer who you knew, but coming this far has also changed you.
You are like me.
We are like one another.
I’ve been alone down here for so long, waiting for you. And now we can finally be one.
